AM - Amplitude Modulation
	Advantages:
	Simple non-coherent demodulator circuit

	Disadvantages:
	Wasteful of power since the carrier consumes lots of transmit power but conveys no information (information is conveyed by the sidebands).
	Wasteful of bandwidth since the AM signal bandwidth is double that of the message.

DSBSC - Double Side-Band Suppress Carrier
	Advantages:
	Power efficient since the carrier is suppressed and all power is consumed by the sidebands.

	Disadvantages:
	More complex coherent demodulator circuit is required to obtain carrier phase.
	Attenuation occurs if carrier phase is estimated incorrectly.
	Wasteful of bandwidth since the AM signal bandwidth is still double that of the message.

QAM - Quadrature Amplitude Modulation
	Advantages:
	QAM improves the bandwidth efficiency of DSBSC by transmitting two message signals vmi(t) and vmq(t) in the same band, by using in-phase and quadrature-phase carriers having the same frequency.
	The QAM signal bandwidth is double the maximum of the two message signal bandwidths.

	Disadvantages:
	The quadrature message signal vmq(t) must be initially turned off in order to allow the Costas loop to perform carrier recovery.

FM - Frequency Modulation
	Advantages:
	A major advantage of FM in a communications circuit, compared for example with AM, is the possibility of improved Signal-to-noise ratio (SNR).
	An FM signal can also be used to carry a stereo signal.
	Switching amplifiers use less battery power and typically cost less than a linear amplifier.

ASK - Amplitude Shift Keying
BPSK - Phase Shift Keying
FSK - Frequency Shift Keying

In all schemes, noise can cause bit errors in the receiver.
The Bit Error Ratio (BER) depends on the ratio of the transmission power to the channel's noise power.
In ASK, PSK, the transmission power per bit required to achieve a particular low BER increases with M.
In FSK, the transmission power per bit required to achieve a particular low BER reduces with M. Hence, FSK is more power efficient than ASK, PSK.
ASK can be demodulated using a simple envelope detector, whereas PSK require coherent detection.
(M, i.e. number of amplitudes, phases or frequencies)
